
	In life some events mark new chapters in life. My grandmother recently passed. The funeral marked the first occasion in years that I had been in Washington, D.C., the city of my birth, while with members of my family. As we drove along Constitution Avenue I was taken aback by the beauty and historic precedence of the area. My grandmother really tried to instill the value of obtaining an education from a reputable institution upon her relatives. She always held education in the highest regard. It is my honest opinion that if my household situation was more stable during my younger years, I would have stayed in the area and applied myself in a more serious manner. Instead I took an auto-didactic approach to education and enrolled in community colleges in between unstable housing situations. While migrating between various cities. In pursuit of comfortable social surroundings that never materialized. I was in Brazil last year experiencing the richness of Afro-Brazilian culture. A culture that is inherited and shared across varying cascading shades of brown under the warmth of a ever present sun. Within various tropical and subtropical regions of the continent. Certain landscapes gave me the impression that I was closer to the clouds than I was to solid ground. But as I glanced at my surroundings the unapologetic levels of economic disparities between social groups throughout various areas seemed familiar yet more dramatic in severity. I returned to the United States with an expanded notion of humanity. That motivated me toward actualizing my goals in a more urgent and realistic manner.

	Months ago as I woke up alone in a city full of nine million people. I began to question my current intentions here and thereafter my current course of actions. I want to become educated. I want to reassure myself that this is possible in spite of the previous hardships that I have faced while attempting to accomplish this goal. I am admittedly older than I was when I first set out alone. Working full time as a city mail carrier and going to night school part time. Working toward securing a college degree is interesting. However, due to the limited availability of nonconflicting class schedules at the institution that I am currently enrolled. My graduation date will be extended by at least two years. I was recently offered the opportunity by some of my immediate family members the option to return home in order to finish earning a degree in any STEM major of my choice. If I am able to obtain admission from a local university.  This would mitigate my responsibilities outside of college to basic needs that can be fulfilled by earning a small income from a part time job. It is my honest opinion that returning to the area near encouraging family members while attending university is my best option to realistically obtain a bachelors degree.

	I was initially motivated toward becoming an engineer because engineers are essentially artists that operate under government regulations concerning the laws of physics, mathematics and other natural laws. However, after further consideration majoring in computer science I feel will be a more rewarding focus for myself. This is because within the post-modern era the field of computer science has become an essential feature throughout all engineering disciplines. I want to obtain the skill sets that will allow me to play a contributing role in redefining the limits of creativeness that will be represented throughout all people’s daily lives in the future. George Mason is the institution that will prepare me to develop into a scientist with the consciousness and social responsibility needed to address the needs and wants of the globalized human community in mind. To be accepted into George Mason University will mark the beginning of another redefining chapter of my life.